Guide to Planday Product training🎯 For Administrators, Schedule Managers and HR Managers.Available Product training optionsInvest in your Planday skills and those of your managerial staff for a more efficient business management experience. To unlock the full potential of Planday for your business, you have two simple options: the Planday Help Center and personalised Paid Product training. 1. Planday Help CenterWhether you're just starting or want advanced tips, the Planday Help Center has easy-to-follow articles, video tutorials and guides for you.Browse the Planday Help Center in English, Danish, German, Norwegian and SwedishWatch step-by-step videos on Tutorials.Planday.comFollow on-demand webinars 2. Paid Product TrainingFor hands-on learning, you can book Product training sessions with our specialists to guide you with your unique business needs. Here is why this is for you:Save time on training new and existing managers — For individuals or teams looking to save time, structured training with a product specialist can be more efficient than self-paced learning. Whether onboarding a new colleague or helping a manager deepen their knowledge in a specific area of Planday, a specialist can provide targeted training to acquire essential skills.Complex business scenarios — If your business processes are unique and have special needs, paid training can provide in-depth insight and guidance that may not be covered in basic tutorials and guides.   Customisation and integrations — Training may be necessary when there is a need to customise your Planday or integrate it with your existing services. A knowledgeable product specialist can help you set up your Planday correctly so you can focus on running your business. How to get started with Product trainingThe easiest way to get started with Product training is by ➡️ clicking here.If you are not logged in, you can initiate a product training request by following the steps below.Log into Planday — Sign in to your Planday organisation.Open the Help widget — Look for the blue messenger icon in the bottom right.Choose Product training — Start by sending us a new message and selecting the Product Training option in the chat. Let us know you're interested and what type of training you need, and we'll connect you with a specialist.Show me You can also write to us at the email below and mention your interest in product training.PricingPlanday Product training comes at an hourly rate, depending on your region.The Product training comes at an hourly rate of £125 GBP plus VAT for the UK, $150 USD for the US and €140 EURO for other regions.You can find out the cost for your region when you start a chat and go to the Product training section.You will be billed for this service as part of your normal Planday billing options.Let us know, and our specialists will connect with you to discuss your needs. ℹ️ Need more help?🔍 Search the Help Center | See videos at Tutorials.Planday.com | Watch a webinar 💬 For personalised supportLogin and contact our support team via the blue icon at the bottom if you have more questions or book a one-to-one professional training session with an expert. TagsThis list helps people find the right information in the Help Center. It might have led you here if you were looking for this topic in another language or used certain keywords. To change the Help Center language, go to the top right corner of this page.PT, talk to a specialist, planday training, product training, professional services, professional training session, book training  