How to log into Planday🎯 For employees new to Planday. First confirm your invitation and create a password. See Invitation, sign up and login guide for more details.Download the Planday app for your relevant device (iPhone iOS / Android).To successfully log in to Planday you need three pieces of information: Planday URL (sent by your manager via email)a username (your email address) and a password.How to log in to Planday appIf you don't know your Planday URLIf you are new to Planday or have forgotten your company's Planday address:Press Log in.Type your email address to receive a login link sent to your mailbox.Open your email app.Press the URL and it will return you to the app where you can continue the login process by entering your Planday email and password.  If you know your Planday URLIf you know the web address of your company's Planday account, you can enter it into the app's Log in with URL page and log in using your account details.Press Log in.Then tap Log in with URL.Type your company's Planday URL.Type your account details to continue further.If you are unsure of your company’s Planday URL, you can click “What’s my portal url?” in step 3️⃣, or log in to Planday on the web.How to log in to Planday on the webIf you know your company's Planday URL, you can enter it in a web browser. Your Planday URL is mentioned in the invitation email from your manager. If you don't remember the address, you can log in via the Planday website.Do not use http or www before the company URL. Can't find your Planday organisation?If you don’t know the Planday URL of your company, you can browse to https://www.planday.com/login/ from a web browser.  From here you will be able to only enter your email 1️⃣.  If your email is associated with a Planday organisation, you’ll receive an email with your Planday login link request 2️⃣. You can continue the login process by following the company URL sent to your email.   How to log in to your organisation from Planday.comYou can also log in by visiting the Planday website planday.com. In the top right corner, you will see the option to click Login.​ If you have logged into Planday before, you will see the names of the companies where you have previously logged in. If you see your workplace listed, simply click on the name and you will be taken to the login page with your username and password.​ Alternatively, if you don't find your organisation on the list, you can enter your email address and click Continue. ​ FAQs and troubleshootingHave you forgotten your username or password?See this article for instructions on how to reset your password.You would like to update or change your email address?Once you have a Planday account, you can change your username yourself. You can find all the information on how to do this in the How to change Username article.Your e-mail address has been changed and you still cannot log in.You may be asked to confirm your username when you log in for the first time or when you or your manager updates your email address.To confirm your account when your login details are updated, you need to click on the link in the email. Your old login details will still work until you finish the final step and click the confirmation link sent to your email.See related articles:How to reset your Planday passwordI can't log into PlandayPlanday for Employees - Using Planday on a web browserPlanday for Employees - Using the Planday appℹ️ Need more help?Contact your Planday admin or leader if you have questions about using Planday.🔍 Search the Help Center | See video tutorials on Tutorials.Planday.com  TagsThis list helps people find the right information in the Help Center. It might have led you here if you were looking for this topic in another language or used certain keywords. To change the Help Center language, go to the top right corner of this page.anmeldung, anmelden, company URL, Planday URL, what is my planday URL 