Planday GlossarySome Planday terms can be new to you and may need a little extra explanation. Jump directly to the topic you'd like to discover.Learn more by following the links under each term. Your business structure  Access levelAssign employees to an Access level to give them additional permissions in Schedule, People or Planday account management. This is helpful if you have employees with different responsibilities managing Planday with you. Learn more  DepartmentA Department represents a location or area of your business. Each Department is assigned its own schedule.Examples: Restaurant Eastend or Back of House Learn more  Employee formUse the employee form to customise which fields are included in your employees’ profiles, and who can view and edit them.​ Learn more  Employee groupUse Employee groups to define job roles in your business. You can add employees to one or several Employee groups based on their skill set.Examples: Cook or Waiter Learn more  Employee typeUse Employee types to group employees based on their employment terms. This allows you to easier apply Working time rules, Supplements and more.Examples: Full-time, InternLearn moreScheduling  Auto-scheduleAuto-schedule is a tool that automatically provides you with scheduling suggestions based on a set of pre-defined rules such as Working time rules, Contracted hours or Leave. Only available on the Pro and Enterprise package. Learn more  AvailabilityUse Availability to let employees set when they can or can’t work. You can then consider these preferences when creating your schedule. Learn more  Contracted availabilityUse Contracted availability to see if you’re trying to schedule employees outside of defined weekdays or times. Typically, Contracted availability is based on an employment contract or another agreement. Learn more  Contracted hoursIn the Contracted hours overview, you can see how the conditions of your Contract rules are met. Based on this, you can make scheduling and overtime compensation decisions. Learn more  Contract rulesUse Contract rules to compare your employees’ scheduled hours to those they’re contracted for. This allows you to see who you have assigned too many, too few, or the right amount of hours. Learn more  Open shiftAn Open shift is a shift that’s not assigned to anyone yet. Employees with the right Employee group can request to take over Open shifts. Learn more  PositionA Position is a schedule element that helps you specify what an employee is responsible for during their shift. Each Position is assigned to an Employee group, making sure that only employees of that group can cover shifts created for that position.Examples: Tables 1 - 10 or Cocktail station Learn more  Schedule templateA Schedule template is a set of shifts that you can repeatedly apply to your schedule if needed. Templates help save time and ensure consistency. Learn more  SectionA Section (also known as Sub-department or Headline) is a schedule element you can use to bundle several of your Positions – to indicate a larger activity area at the workplace.Examples: First floor or Terrace. Learn more  Shift typeUse a Shift type to give a non-regular shift a label like Sick leave or Trial work. You can also use them to adjust the pay rate, collect overtime, generate reports and more. Learn more  Working time rulesUse Working time rules as guidelines to remind you to schedule your employees according to local legislations or other rules. Learn more Time management  Break rule (Automatic breaks)Set up a Break rule to automatically apply breaks either at a specific time of day or after a set amount of time has been worked. Learn more  Punch ClockUse the Punch Clock functionality to record the presence and punctuality of employees via App or Web. Learn more  Punch Clock breaksEnable Punch Clock breaks to allow employees to use Punch Clock to record their breaks. Learn more  Punch Clock entryPunch Clock entries are generated when employees use the Punch Clock to punch in and out of shifts. You can edit and approve the entries to prepare for payroll. Learn more  Punch Clock profilesUse Punch Clock profiles to specify which employees can use which devices to punch in and out. Learn more  Manual breakUse a Manual break to add a break specific to a shift, directly on the Schedule. Learn more Holiday & Overtime  Account templateIn order to manage Leave or TOIL, you need to set up Account templates. Use them to define your preferred settings such as duration, carry-over or renewal. You can then assign templates to your employees to set up Leave / TOIL accounts. Learn more  Leave accountA Leave account is an account where an employee's Leave balance is recorded. Leave accounts can be created for employees applying Account templates. Learn more  Leave requestA Leave request notifies you about the employee’s wish to take time off. You can edit, approve and reject requests. Learn more  TOIL accountA TOIL account is an account where an employee’s TOIL balance is recorded. TOIL accounts can be created for employees applying Account templates. Learn more Payroll & Revenue  Payroll exportA Payroll export is a file that contains the information you need to run payroll. It’s based on the data from your account, such as approved shifts, payroll supplements, breaks and more. Learn more  Payroll supplementPayroll supplements are an automatic way to add extra payments to shifts based on a set of rules. For example, use a supplement for Overtime, weekend or night shifts. Learn more  Revenue unitA Revenue unit is a cost centre that holds revenue. You can create multiple Revenue units for each Department to keep separate data and reporting info. At least one Revenue unit is needed to use the Revenue feature. Learn more  SalarySalary is a fixed payment an employee earns for working during a specific period of time. Learn more  Salary codeA Salary code (also known as Payroll ID) is a code you can assign to payroll-related items. This is especially useful, if you are using an accounting software or integration to process your payroll. Learn more  WageA Wage is a form of payment an employee earns per hour or per shift. Learn more See related articles:Understand the structure of PlandayGetting started – Set up your businessℹ️ Need more help?🔍 Search the Help Center | See videos at Tutorials.Planday.com | Watch a webinar 💬 For personalised supportLogin and contact our support team via the blue icon at the bottom if you have more questions or book a one-to-one professional training session with an expert. 